---
layout: post
title:      "Transferring from Learn IDE to Local Environment"
date:       2019-03-29 19:35:28 +0000
permalink:  transferring_from_learn_ide_to_local_environment
---


Going through Flatiron's Bootcamp to become a Software Developer has progressively become better and better as I have become more powerful with my extensive undertanding of the Ruby language, even diving into Ruby on Rails later on where ActiveRecord and many other gems uniting to make a powerful framework. For about the first four months Avi made the Learn IDE button route us to dive straight into an IDE terminal to complete the labs. Wanting to take the training wheels off he forced us to download Atom or Visual Studio Code or whatever editor that we chose to use. I chose Atom at first with the Learn IDE still downloaded and being used for my terminal. Recently I had deleted the Learn IDE and set up a Local Environment to make my coding experience must easier in all honesty. It was amazing to close my computer, help my dad do some gardening and come right back to typing learn into my computer upon continuing the lab and it not having to connect back to Learn's Server! For a Non-Programming female in particular this would be the equivalent of every man being a gentleman and opening your doors for you without ever having to ask him to. In my opinion it feels havenly to get straight back to work to continue fixing problems right away without any delay to reconnect to Learn's server. This also means that if you forgot to type in `learn save` or push your commits back to your github before closing your computer and losing the connection; you now don't lose any of the previous lines and refactoing that you did in your previous session! I can't tell you how many times in my beginning labs that I lost everything that I had done and had to start over again from scratch. Now thats a huge waste of time and brain power... and as you know "Programmers are lazy!" To set up your Loca Environment make sure to follow these instruction I promise you will thank me! Don't refuse to better youself just because you are fine where you are at right now beaue You WILL have to have your own Local Environment once you start working at a businss or on your own and it's better to get it done now than later! 

[](https://help.learn.co/technical-support/local-environment/mac-osx-manual-environment-set-up)
